### Conceptual Exercise
changes are made
Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is powerful, open source object-relational database system that uses and extends the SQL language combined with many features that safely store and scale the most complicated data workloads.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is the language used to interact with and manipulate database, while PostgreSQL is a database management system that uses SQL as its primary language. 
- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
\c database name
- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
Where is filter rows before any groupings are made. Having is used to filter groups after the grouping operation.
- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
INNER only shows the common columns and OUTER shows all columns from two tables
- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
LEFT OUTER would return all records from the left table and the matched records from the right table. and vice versa for RIGHT OUTER

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
Object-Relational Mapping is a programming technique. It allows developers to interact with a database using object-oriented programming. 

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
AJAX request is made from the users' device and its capabilities and restrictions are bound by the brwoser and the user's network. 
'requests' are made from the server. AJAX is primarily used for enhancing the user experience by asynchrnously updating the web page without reloading, while server-side requests are used for handling more complex processing, secure interaction.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery. The purpose of the CSRF token is a secret value generated by the server-side application.


- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
is a method to render hidden fields within a form.
is to embed a CSRF token in the form.